you're looking for a book for the kids
for the holidays or for whatever I wrote
an Illustrated one called the serious
goose it's about a goose that is well I
don't want to spoil it for you but it's
about a goose it's serious all the money
I make from the sale of this book goes
to Children's Hospital here in LA and
children's hospitals across the country
and if you want a signed copy go to this
website this serious goose calm and I
will sign one our first guest tonight is
a world champion in both the ring and at
the box office he is one of Time
Magazine's Most Influential People of
2019 I have a feeling he'll be
influential in 2020 - you can see them
with an all-star cast in Jumanji the
next level it opens in theaters Friday
please say hello to Dwayne Johnson
[Applause]
[Music]
very good to see you were right across
the street last night your to hear I was
yes for the Jumanji premiere we've got a
lot of premieres for this where were
they
we were in we started in Mexico and then
we went to Paris then we went to Germany
then we went to London and then we flew
back here so we've had premiers all over
and why does America come last I thought
you want to run for president this is no
way to do that we're saving the best I
see okay that's a thank you you were
also in the neighborhood this morning I
was because this morning your pal Kevin
Hart got you know it's one thing to get
a star on Hollywood Boulevard and this
is another level altogether to get your
hands and feet yes
impressed in cement yes and that is a
big deal it's legendary yes yes and I
had the honor of speaking on his behalf
and you did I did yes and it was an
amazing ceremony how much thought did
you put into it did you write did you
really think about what you were gonna
say
I mean it's Kevin Hart I didn't know I I
did I wrote a little bit because you
know as much as Kevin and I give each
other just how all the time as you know
it's a cool thing and it was a big honor
and his family was you ever real
friendship yeah and it is a cool thing
yeah I think we have video of the of
this ceremony yeah this is Kevin this
afternoon he's no excited now if you
guys watch I think we're gonna show yeah
so yeah so there's actually somebody
pushed Kevin is so small and light
[Laughter]
gravity was not enough no so they pushed
him down I've ever seen that you know
is he still stuck out there or as I wish
he was the funny thing is is when he did
stand on that he finally reached five
feet so I was like oh that
another buzz Kevin your best friend he
is definitely one of my bed one of your
best friends yes but there are people
above him well there's always he
definitely is well it's a real
friendship it was one that I didn't
anticipate but when it's happened you
know especially to kind of get older in
life you know it's not like you just
have it's not like in high school or
college we just haven't a lot of best
friends like no he has become truly a
great great friend and by the way again
as much as we give each other you know
he had a tough year and I'm so happy he
did yeah he's in the game and he's
feeling good and very resilient and and
them very happy do you look for projects
to work together it's just specifically
just so you could spend time together
just so week well wait what do you mean
like do you even have time for Christmas
do you celebrate Christmas we do yes we
thought of course we celebrate Christmas
and my it's a big deal cuz dueña Claus
is coming for our babies yeah hmm he
comes it's a big deal and last year as I
recall and correct me if I have anything
is wrong you bought your mom a house for
Christmas I did so what then do you buy
thank you after buying your mother a
house what do you get her the next year
well she she just I'm gonna have to get
her tickets again the Magic Mike in Las
Vegas you like that Jimmy like you don't
you can't talk it's so cool to buy our
house and and you put your dad a house
too I did I bought my old man a house
Stewart so that's the greatest thing
ever right
yes but I'm curious as to the process
that you went through because is it as
as easy as it sounds or did they picked
who picks the house well that's the
thing that's the key you know and I you
gotta take the control I say yes and you
have to you have to you know give them
here's their options uh-huh or you and I
scoped out the neighborhood vetted
everything out this feels good because
if not then it's just a runaway train
yeah because then it's like you know
there's a little high yes I did do that
and it was great but there's always like
it's always like yeah you know all right
yeah it's a little small you know that
kind of stuff do you have any of that I
did you know what's funny is my cuz we
got we just have this just father-son
relationship my old man was a little bit
like that where he was like you know
there's a lot of animals and critters in
the back and maybe I could get a fence
and but I mean maybe you could get it
and then the houses have to be kind of
like a wholesome way nothing's ever easy
is it nothing nothing's easy with the
parents yeah and I want to talk to you
about this movie I want to I have a few
things I want to cover with you we're
gonna take a break we're exact you clip
from the film Dwayne Johnson is here
Jumanji the next level would you say I
said beat it get out of here what do you
say
I said scram you want a piece of me
come again
[Applause]
now that you are imitating Danny DeVito
because you're the avatar for DeVito's
correct so in Jumanji the next level
Danny DeVito turns into me and Danny
Glover turns into Kevin Hart a lot of
Danny's in this door and do what is the
key to doing Danny DeVito you gotta be
like like exhausted and a little annoyed
because it's from Asbury Park Jersey
it's very specific I spent time with
Danny and it's like I'm unlike their
come on what are you talking about it's
like Danny breathe breathe it's like
come on what are you talking get to the
tank I ask the questions or not what are
we gonna do did he advise you and tell
you if you had the nuances correct he
did great I spent time with Danny and
just do and he's a great great guy but
that way but he did at first it was like
that's horrible better come on but you
know I gotta tell you one of the most
gratifying things was to watch to know
that he watched the movie after the
movie he called me he was so happy and
he liked it yeah he like that has gotta
be everything cuz you know you wouldn't
get called if he didn't like it
you wouldn't get called yes oh you
wouldn't get caught hey that's my legend
come on you did the veto and then for a
holiday
did you he was you for all his necklace
is a little longer but look at that is
that that's like cool Kevin looks so
cool I look like the lunch lady it's
unbelievable the fanny pack is stuck is
really stood the test of time though
hasn't it it has but you you have a
fanny pack guy right yeah I am a fanny
pack guy I really tried to get it like
kick-started once on the red carpet at
the Emmys and people thought it was a
joke no but I mean the fanny facts are
good they serve its purpose they do you
know what the problem with the fanny
pack
is the name it's
not a good name it certain be called a
fanny pack like the terrible name it's
horrible yeah it should be called like a
hip sack or something like that yeah
you know the bad ass bags yeah yeah
something like area your weed holder or
something like that I don't do that
Julie I don't know with all this stuff
you have going on
you have also launched your own brand of
tequila I did now why are you doing is
it difficult to get to Keeler for you
it's well I've always been a fan I just
love tequila
years and years and years so it's been a
very a passion project of mine called
Tara monitor Kayla come out at the
beginning of the next year why is it
called Tara mana well Tara mana means
spirit of the earth and I wanted to
figure out a name that was closely
resembling not only Mexican culture but
also Polynesian culture too as well
uh-huh so it's a great combination yeah
you know it has been so gratifying and
so and just really so amazing because
when you so we're down and outside of
Guadalajara in the Jalisco mountains and
are we opened up a distillery 150
employees and they're so passionate the
Mexican people about their agave and
about their tequila so it's really been
and the workers are probably scared that
you'll stomp them or hurt them or
something like ELA good how much tequila
can you drink like if you're out for the
night and we're talking like shots here
how many show what would be a reasonable
I could not come back yeah I would
imagine you could I come back shot wise
I mean maybe over a period of time over
that eight to ten I think I have a
problem okay
all right yeah I would have guessed the
night back to back to back to back right
I'm also a sipper I'm just not as you
know shooter and then an hour
is this a sipping tequila to sipping
tequila a smooth that's beautiful you're
gonna I never imagined you as a sipper
but I like that but I could
he's a sipper with a fanny pack
everybody let's great to see you on the
movie happy holidays holidays Wayne
Johnson everybody I am to be Kimmel give
back this holiday season by my new book
the serious goose I wrote it and
illustrated it all the money I make goes
to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do